Deeper and Deeper
A mystery sleuthing game?
Questions that leads to more questions.
Drilling game.
Mr Drill
Breakout
Arakanoid
What is sleep?
Sleeping simulator
Yume Nikki dream scape exploration
Inception?
Going down in caves
Procedural cave generator
An ocean
No!  Water!
A game about jumping between water bubbles
Arcade game
Going up the ancestry tree.  A reverse narrative of each family member's life
The rabbit hole: it's bigger in the inside.
The Recursive Dollhouse?
One room, but it's the house of leaves, so the walls move.
Giving light to a dark place, allowing one to journey further
Perhaps a blindnes simulator, of sorts?
This house have people in it.  Somehow turn that wham comedy short into a game.
A fighting game with simple controls, but deep strategy
Neato
Play as a roomba, cleaning a house.
Those zoom art stuff.
ENHANCE!!!!!!!!
The walking mall
Fire log simulator.
A game about constructing buildings resistent to fire/earthquakes.
Spec Ops: The Line.
Portal, but with more portals.
An educational game about body organs.
Maybe a game about jumping from one random minigame to another.
A timeline game, perhaps one where it provides branching tree display.
That SCP about walking down an infinitely deep stairwell
A game about infinite...which is basically the same thing as manifest garden.
Rude goldberg machine
A game that moves forwards or backwards in time based on where the player is moving towards.
A game where you make holes spontaneously.
A fractal game.  Or maybe marching squares?
Basically that Sonic drill ability.
A racing game...under water!!!!
Gacha game about collecting people who are addicted to gacha games.  Grind two people to unlock more of their story (which progressively gets more depressing).
Majora's Mask's Zora swimming?
A marble madness game that goes on forever.
A game about preventing the lights from going out.
An audio-only adventure game.
Perhaps a text adventure-walking simulator hybrid that Nier has?
A maze that goes on forever.  The intent is either to break walls down, or perhaps fly/dig out of it.
A game about internet sleugthing a personality, that it turns out doesn't exist.
The text of the game is generated by an AI.  It goes on forever.
Neato.
A land of houses, built back-to-back